# Recon-ng

Recon-ng is a full-featured Web Reconnaisance framework written in Python. Complete with independent modules, database interaction, built in convenience functions, interactive help, and command completion, Recon-ng provides a powerful environment in which open source web-based reconnaissance can be conducted quickly and thoroughly.

Recon-ng has a look and feel similar to the Metasploit Framework, reducing the learning curve for leveraging the framework. However, it is quite different. Recon-ng is not intended to compete with existing frameworks, as it is designed exclusively for web-based open source reconnaissance. If you want to exploit, use the Metasploit Framework. If you want to Social Engineer, us the Social Engineer Toolkit. If you want to conduct reconnaissance, use Recon-ng!

Recon-ng is a completely modular framework and makes it easy for even the newest of Python developers to contribute. Each module is a Subclass of the "module" class. The "module" class is a customized "cmd" interpreter equipped with built-in functionality that provides simple interfaces to common tasks such as standardizing output, interacting with the database, making web requests, and managing API keys. Therefore, all the hard work has been done. Building modules is simple and takes little more than a few minutes. While tasks, such as making web requests, can be done manually from within a module, there are benefits to using the prebuilt interfaces and convenience functions. For example, there are global settings to the framework which allow the user to specify a custom User-Agent string or enable proxying of requests. These global settings are only applied to requests made using the prebuilt interface. See the [Development Guide][dg] for more information.

[dg]: https://bitbucket.org/LaNMaSteR53/recon-ng/wiki/Home "Development Guide"